I would  like to implement a "Team Dashboard".  This should be the homepage for any non-admin user and available for the admin as well.  It should port our Google Calendar's over into the page and display them from 7am-8pm, with the option to display future or past weeks.  This should be synchronized with our Google Calendar so that making a change on either side effects the Team Dashboard.   Below the Team Dashboard there should be a "Work Queue" for technicians so they can see projects assigned to them and leave notes (notes should add or update a line of text at the bottom of the Event Body that reads like so:  MM/DD/YY:Technician:Firstname-Lastname: [Employee Note Here]).  If an employee writes a note they can edit it as wel, they can also add multiple notes to a customer.  Once an event from the calendar is assigned to them, they then should see the tasks below the weekly calendar (or on a "My Work Today" page?).   On this My Work Today page, they will see the Customer's Name, Address, Phone Number and Email.  Beneath that, there will be tasks to perform based on the Calendar it comes from.   The "Insect Control / Sprays" Calendar will have a punchlist that reads like so (numbers mean checkboxes on the punchlist).  

1.  Called your customer and confirmed appointment as well as arrival time. [if not check off should be red, once checked should be green and should add a timestamp]
2.  Made contact with customer, provided a business card and walked the customer through today's service.
3.  Children and Dogs have been put inside and I indicated to the customer that I am going to begind the spray.
4.  Completed exterior perimeter spray.
5.  Completed interior perimeter spray.  (If not checked and further items are checked, a dropdown box should appear asking the reason for not spraying inside. [Customer Declined, No Access/Door Locked, Other: Explain] )
6.  Walked the customer through the job and asked if there was any additional problem areas.  If the customer did not want the interior spray, I explained that resprays would not be possible.  If the customer did want the interior and exterior sprayed....
6a. I indicated the price of the treatment  [form entry for dollar amount]
6b. I verbally explained our respray policy and/or provided a copy of the respray policy to the customer.
7.  I received payment in the amount of [form entry for dollar amount] through [drop down options:  Cash, Check, Credit Card, Call to Office, Invoice Approved By Spencer]  (if they didnt receive payment or the dollar amount was 0, a paragraph text box should appear asking the reason and requesting an override which shuold be sent the admin's notebox.
8.  All Marin Pest Control equipment, jobsite trash, tools and materials have been removed from the site.  All doors, hatches and gates are closed and locked.  The customer has been walked through the service and is happy with our performance.
9.  Areas of the home that were treated [Exterior Perimeter, Exterior Yard, Interior Perimeter, Interior Area Coverage, Crawlspace, Attic, Roof, Other: [text box].
10.  I, [text box for name], hereby declare that this insect control spray or broad spectrum treatment has been finished to the best of my abilities and the customer is happy.  There are no other loose ends or objectionable leftovers that will cause problems.  This job is closed.

Once all are filled out, there should be a strikethrough effect on the job name and the next job shuold appear with arrival time (event time) showing and how many minutes it is from now.
